Hello and welcome back to English from
the ground up. My name is Kenzo and in
this video you will acquire English
naturally by listening, watching, and
following along as I play Minecraft
hardcore. In the last video, I built
this farm where I'm growing potatoes. I
need to build some more torches for
these fences. But it's night time, so
let's go back home and let's go to
sleep. A spider.
Okay, let's go to sleep. I put away all
my items. My inventory is clear. And now
I want to go on an adventure. I'm going
to get in my boat and I'm going to go
sailing. Now that I have my compass, I
won't get lost. Ooh, I see some lava
over there.
I'm sailing over to that village that I
haven't explored yet. Okay, I'm going to
get out of my boat and I'll destroy it
and I'll pick it up
and let's go over to the village. Ah,
there are some horses.
Whoa.
There's a huge cave underneath this
village.
Let's quickly explore the village.
Oh, look,
another broken nether portal. I'll go
collect that obsidian.
Oh, I'm on the roof. Let's jump down.
Here we are. Where's the chest? There's
the chest. Let's open the chest.
Whoa, a lot of golden stuff. A golden
sword, a golden pickaxe, golden boots,
golden leggings, and another golden
sword. And here there's a clock, and
some iron nuggets. That was a good
chest. And I'll take the chest, too. And
now I'll collect this obsidian.
This might take a while. From that
broken Nether portal, I got 15 obsidian.
The sun's going down. Is there a bed in
here? Yes. Sleep. I'm sleeping in the
village. And it's morning. An iron
golem. Hello, iron golem.
Wow. I've found 20 apples in this
village.
Whoa.
It's a ravine.
Okay, let's go down there. By the way,
if you're enjoying these Minecraft
videos, I have something you might like.
Tada.
I'm also an artist and I just opened my
Kofi shop. Here I have one, two, three,
four different prints. If my videos have
ever been helpful to you, it would mean
a lot to me if you bought something from
my Kofi shop.
All right, back to the video. Okay, I'm
going to try to jump over there. I'm
going to eat some food. Here we go. Run
and jump.
Okay, we did it.
I'm going to jump in this waterfall.
Jump.
Oo, that was close.
I almost landed on this block of stone.
Oo, that was close. There's some more
iron.
More iron. More iron.
It gets really dark over here.
Let's place a torch.
Some coal.
Whoa, an enderman. This place is huge.
Oh, there's the enderman. I have a
bucket.
I'm going to pick up this water.
There we go. I got a bucket of water.
And now I'll pour the water out right
here.
And now I can use the waterfall to get
down.
Ooh.
Ooh. Lots of monsters.
Okay, let's fight these monsters. Die,
die,
die, skeleton.
Die, skeleton.
I got some slime balls. Let's pick up
these slime balls.
No,
that baby zombie picked up the iron
ingot.
Okay, I need to eat. Let's eat.
We found a minehaft.
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm running to the mine shaft.
Okay.
Oh,
okay. Hold on for one second. I'm
editing this video and it's so funny
that right here I hold my breath. Watch.
I'm alive. I'm alive.
Okay.
Oh my goodness.
I'm going over here to the water. I'm
going to make my way back up to the
surface and I'm going to go back home so
I can put away all of these things. Then
I'll come back here and I'll explore
this area cuz this area is huge.
Look up there.
I'm going to get some water in my
bucket.
There we go. Ooh, more slimes.
All right, I collected a bunch of slime
balls. Uh, 22 slime balls. With slime
balls, we can build sticky pistons. I'll
get a little more iron. Okay, I'll take
some cobblestone. I'm going to build a
tower up to the surface using
cobblestone.
Let's go up. Up. Up.
Ooh. Okay. Let's find a bed. Let's find
a bed. Oh, there's a bed. Let's sleep in
the bed. And we're sleeping.
Oh, no.
Die.
Sleep now. We're sleeping. All right,
it's morning. I'm going to take my
bucket of water
and I'm going to pour my water
right here. Pour.
Now I can use this waterfall to get
down. And I'm going to take my bamboo
planks
and I'll build a tower right here.
And on top I'll place a torch.
That way I'll remember that the
mineshaft is below. My inventory is
full. So let's go back home. The compass
is pointing this way.
Our home.
We're so close. We're sailing home.
And we're home. Let's get out of the
boat.
And the sun is going down. So, let's go
to sleep.
Sleep. Let's take two diamonds. One,
two, and one book.
Now, let's craft an enchanting table.
Here it is, an enchanting table. Let's
take some wood. And now, let's build
another room.
This will be the floor. And the
enchanting table will go right here in
the middle.
These logs will be the corners.
And for the walls, I'll use jungle
planks. Now I'll build the walls.
There we go. The walls are built. And
now I'll build the roof out of
cobblestone.
But I don't have any cobblestone.
I'm going to quickly collect some
cobblestone.
Okay, let's get our cobblestone and
let's build the roof. All right, now
I'll get my stairs and I'll place the
stairs up there.
There we go. All done. I'll break this
torch and I'll place it here. And now
I'll build a doorway right here.
And here is our enchanting room. I'll
place a torch. In the next video, I'll
build some bookshelves and I'll place
them around the enchanting table. But
I'm going to end this video right here.
Thanks for watching and I will see you
in the next video. See you.
inside.
Is your light matter?